yes, I can describe strategy. Um. So, so, so usually, um, let's say I might come to my computer around one o'clock, right? So when I come to my computer around between 1231 o'clock, what I do is, is I open the economic calendar, right? So I look at the economic calendar and I see if they have any arc and moving events. I don't care if the event has already happened, right? What I'm looking for is, was there any market moving events that happen in the market? Because if it's market moving events is then happen in the market, right? Or cause the market to be volatile. The trading strategy that I'm using, you know, I would like maybe, if I'm trading, be cautious with the strategy, but I really want to have an environment where there is no market moving event, right? So I want to, I don't want the market to be volatile when I'm selling option contracts, right? Because I know that, you know, in the beginning, around 10 o'clock, also around um, and I'm sticking in Eastern Time, right around 12, around two o'clock. You got two o'clock pivot. And of course, around three to 330 I mean three, but three all the way on, man, especially when you get to 345 15 minutes for the market closing. Market becomes very, volatile, especially if we have we had some economic news that come out, and traders or investors or institutional investors, they're trying to, like, process that information. So we don't know during those times when the market is going to be volatile. So I usually try to try to stay out, right? But if there is no market moving event on the next thing I would do is, is okay I open up the chart, candlestick chart. So the candlestick chart that I use is, um, the 15 minute chart. So I open up the 15 minute chart, and then once I open it up, I look at the date that the close from yesterday, the prior day, prior day closed, and a prior day open, mark those. And also look for the morning range, right so which would consist of the highest point when a market opens or closes and open where my bed when the market opens. And then I will find at 1030 I will go and I will find the high or low that particular time also. So that's like the morning range, right? So that's when that range is important, right? Because this is what a lot of liquidity happens, is what a lot of people get in their positions, get in and get out, right, or whatever they're trying to do with the position the market. So if the market so if the market rises above that, you know it, you can use, you can usually use those lines as support. If it goes below it, if it could, you can use those lines as as resistance. So I use those lines. And again, I don't care what time it is, I'm always going to go back to that line right. And then what I will also do is I want to find a range for a particular day, the high and the low of the day from from where I'm at again, if I'm coming in at 12 o'clock or 130 or whatnot, you know? So I might look at their range right, but I draw those lines, those range and those lines. And I might just, I might also draw some minor Support Resistance, where I see we have some price action, and then I will let the market just play out. So I'm in that 12 there. I'll let it play out. I'm seeing how relevant my lines are, you know, I mean, and by the time I get to two o'clock, between two to 30, no, I mean, I'm looking at my lines and see if the price has approached those lines and has rejected off those lines, or whatnot, deflected off those lines. And from there, what I usually do is I, you know, I put the trade on, right? I put the trade on. I go to my option chain, and I look for a 20 Delta, right? Why I told the Delta, because I wanted out of the money. So matter if it's a call or put it's going to be out of the money, right? So therefore the price has to actually has a ways to go before it actually gets to that particular strike price on. So once I do that place, I place the order, you know, and I place the order also look at one other indicator called the volume point of control, right? So we got the volume point of control that I look at, and I use that, as you know, again, is I use it. I use that as another support or resistance. So all those lines that I draw right the, you know, the morning, the morning range, you know, I'm saying the entire range. You know, from that point, from the market open until 12 o'clock, and also the previous day, open and close. I use those lines right, those lines, I use those lines as support resistance. So take, for instance, if 10 instances, if I'm able to, you know, I want to be able to place a trade either above those lines or below those lines. Right, the more lines I'm able to place it above it, the more, the harder it's going to take for that price to get to it, vice versa. If it's below, if I place one, I'm trying to place as close, as far as ways, the farthest way I can. But it has to be a 20 Delta, right? And maybe I said 20 Delta, because, again, um, the probability of it, you know, of expiring, you know, in the money, you know, it's only 20% probability. And then those lines, those are just extra layers of support resistance that the price has to work hard to get through. You know, the price, you usually will pause through that, right? But not all the time. I'm not able to go outside all those lines, right? But once I place to trade. Now I'm looking at my dashboard. I got a dashboard. So my dashboard consists of market cap leaders, risk on, which is the offensive sectors, defensive risk off. And then I got the macro thing, alright? So I got these different sectors and everything on here is what's happening under the hood of the s p5 100, because I trade the SPX, you know. Um, so the market cap leaders, we know that the s p5 100 is market cap weighted, meaning that the largest stocks, the largest stocks, control the market the most so Nvidia, Nvidia, the mag seven, Nvidia, Apple, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, meta and Tesla. So So goes these stocks. So goes to market, especially when it comes to Nvidia and Apple, because they like four or $5 trillion companies a piece. So when the market moves, and is moving, movement at a pretty good clip, I'm always looking at, I'm looking at those, those components, right? And then we got risk on so we got the risk on sectors. We got the risk on sectors like the s, p spider technology sector, um, the financial I got the financial sector. I got a see just the consumer discretionary, um, I got the semiconductors, and also got the arc ETF in there as well. So basically, when the market is risk on is in a risk on environment, you see most of these in the green, right? So if the market is in a risk off environment, you know, I got the consumer staples, healthcare sector, the communication service sector. So these these sectors and the utility sectors, these sectors, when they're green and the offensive is red, that mean, like it's your risk off environment. So it's most likely the market is either trending downwards, and I didn't mention that if the offensive is up right, the market is most definitely, most likely, trending somewhat upwards. So if this mix, you know, you you know, you can't really get a good range or a good view on it. This mix, I'm really looking at the video the apple, because they control the market so much. And Nvidia and Apple are in the technology sector. They someone might be in a discretionary sector, or in the SMA sector as well. So I use this dashboard, really, to help me make to help me once the help me not only make the decision if the market is trending up or down, and I forgot to mention it before I put the trade on, I'm looking at that. So if I see all green, like, oh man, everything is green. So that's telling me what. It's an update. So if I'm making, so if I'm gonna place a trade, right, I'm placing a I'm placing a put spread, a call. I'm placing a put spread, a credit put spread below the market, because it up. If I see everything is Red Day. I'm seeing everything trending down or so. I'm going to put a call credit spread on right and throughout the throughout the life of the option, what I'm doing is I'm looking at this board. I'm paying attention to this board right. And again, as as as the, you know, when you put it on, you put the trade on at two hours right? When it's two hours left in the market, as theta erodes, right, what happens is, is that
the spread widens, meaning that you're, you're realizing more of the premium, you know, I'm saying more of the premium because, you know, it's eroding, right? That spread is eroding. So what happens when that, when that happens if, if the stock price comes close to the strike, if the stripes give an example, if it's at 100 and just say, just say, for example, I put the trade on on XYZ stock at 100 and, you know, that's where this, that's where the strike price is at. And let's say, let's say that I got a put option on, right? You know, I'm sorry, I got sold. I sold a put credit spread. And market went from, you know, the market went from 190 I mean, market went from 105 and now it's close to that 100 you know, says close to that 100 strike price. I'm going to seal, I'm going to see a loss, even though it haven't even touched it yet, right? Or Bruce did. I'm going to start see that loss right away, because of Mark, because the officer still has one of the biggest components, was the state of but 30 minutes, if an hour to 30 minutes go past and their price is still there, you know, you might you more likely you're to see a game, right? So me knowing how dynamic that is, right? What happens? What I what I used to do, is I move, I move a line that I may create on there, on purpose, right? I create a line. I move that line downward, right downward, to try to actually gage where I'm really going to start to incur a loss. You know, I'm saying, if that makes sense, right? But once it actually gets to the strike, and I'm close to that 15 minutes, I don't use that line, because not a track that not a strike price becomes true. Now, what I mean by true is that when it hits that line, when it hits that strike price or go below now I'm really gonna, I'm gonna incur loss, right? I know that this is the actual line that I'm looking at now, because so much data has has eroded. But the thing is, is that this is not always the case, because implied volatility can be high in a market if certain type of news comes out, you know. I mean, what makes implied volatility high? Implied volatility, applied volatility, is nothing but option price being expensive because traders or investors thinks of certain things for to happen. This is where they get the implied price from. This is where they get options from, you know, I mean, the optional pricing, because it's the implied move that they think the market, they think the market is going to make. So again, if some news came out in the market, you know, theta can really bounce back, they can really bounce back, right? You know, I'm saying not far as time wise. So let me say not theta won't bounce back, but Vega will increase. So if Vega increases, right now, you know, that's another component that's against somebody that's selling, because now the option prices become expensive again. Now we got to wait for Vega to go down, right? You know? So it's, it's a lot of moving parts, right? I look at it almost like supply and demand, right? The more in demand option is, the higher the price is going to be, you know? I mean, so that's naturally. If a trader sees something's going to happen, what they're going to do is, is this, you know, I'm saying they're going to buy those options. So if you buying them, if you buy and Buy and buy them, more people just buying them, right? If you buying them, that's going to make the price go up. You selling, you got more people selling options, you know, I'm saying, then, you know, the price that I'm not going to get, that you're not going to get that much premium. And these things actually fluctuate, and that's what makes it difficult, right? Because every environment is different, you know? I mean, I can be moving that, I can be moving that line down, and then some news comes out, and then, boom, it went from it went from non profitable to now I'm at a loss again, but it still might happen. I mean, I haven't reached the strike price yet, just because certain news came out, you know? I mean, so that's the thing about what, what options, right? Because it's options are forward thinking, you know? I mean, you're implying the move. That's why people love options, because it's financial it's financial leverage. You're implying a move. No, I'm saying you're it's like you're anticipating a move. You're speculating on a move happening. That's why the options prices change so much. But in a nutshell, right? That's like the majority of my trade, right? That's the majority of my trade. That's, that's usually how I trade. And I sometimes I have to stick to my line a the market gets real volatile at the end. A lot of people say, a lot of people think, oh, it's like, a market would not get as volatile. No, it gets volatile at the end. Because people is buying and selling. They're trying to get in, trying to get out. You know, I'm saying, like, Herb and get my last license. It's like, almost like a store. Get ready to close. Everybody pull it up trying to get something, you know? I mean, everybody trying to buy something is about to her and close, you know. So, you know. So that's basically what I what I have is anything that maybe I need to clarify a little bit better.
I think you did a very good job at elaborating on this. What I would just say is, do you feel like, like, what would you name the strategy?
So, so when I was locked up, I used to call it, I had a I used to call it, I used to call it the House strategy, right? And I got the same look, you know, it's the same strategy. You can you, you can you, you can even get that strategy even it's called, I got, it's called the House strategy, right, you know, but I got the Big House strategy when you can take both sides iron corridor, right, when you want the price to stay within that. But it's a House strategy. It's called the House strategy. Reason why is because I'm taking a house position, right? Just like, just like the casino, right? If you go to the casino in a long run, who wins in the long run? In a long run, the casino wins. You know, I mean, so if, if we, if we say that 75% probably it's a 75% probability of all options expire worthless, right? To me, it's like, okay, the house wins. So I'm taking on the house mentality. You know, I'm saying I want to actually sell those too, right? So I'm taking, I'm taking a House strategy. That's what I call it. Call it the House strategy.
What is the what is zero DTE?
Then, okay, so 00, DTE means, um, that's
that wasn't what you're explaining though, you weren't explaining that one. You weren't explaining that one. No, no, I said, you know, I'm asking, Did did you explain that in the what you explained so far? Or you haven't? No, I have. No, I didn't. Okay, so you have two different strategies that you technically use, or multiple different strategies. Basically, that's
what you're getting at. So, the House strategy is the DTE strategy. It's just a strategy. It's like, I coined it, the House strategy got it. But what the House strategy is is that we're using, we're using zero DTE options got it, yeah, yep, which means is that the options expire the same day.